# Service Agreement

Last Modified: 2023-11-07

This Service Agreement (this "Agreement") is a binding contract between you ("User," "you," or "your") and Quansight, LLC ("Provider," "we," or "us"). This Agreement governs your access to and use of the Services.

THIS AGREEMENT TAKES EFFECT WHEN YOU BEGIN ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES (the "Effective Date"). BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES YOU (A) ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT; (B) REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT, POWER, AND AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND, IF ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT FOR AN ORGANIZATION, THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND THAT ORGANIZATION; AND (C) ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE LEGALLY BOUND BY ITS TERMS.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT PROCEED TO ACCESS THE SERVICES. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES. 

1. Definitions. 
    1. "Authorized User" means User and, if applicable, User's employees, consultants, contractors, members, and agents (i) who are authorized by User to access and use the Services under the rights granted to User pursuant to this Agreement.
    2. "Services" means the services provided by Provider under this Agreement that are detailed on Provider's website available at https://github.com/Quansight/open-gpu-server.
    3. "User Data" means, other than Aggregated Statistics, information, data, and other content, in any form or medium, that is submitted, posted, or otherwise transmitted by or on behalf of User or any other Authorized User through the Services.
    4. "Provider IP" means the Services, any documentation, and all intellectual property provided to User or any other Authorized User in connection with the foregoing. For the avoidance of doubt, Provider IP includes Aggregated Statistics, but does not include User Data.
    5. "Third-Party Products" means any products, content, services, information, websites, or other materials that are owned by third parties and are incorporated into or accessible through the Services.
2. Access and Use.
    1. Provision of Access. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Provider hereby grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited right to access and use the Services during the Term solely for use by Authorized Users in accordance with the terms and conditions herein. 
    2. Use Restrictions. You shall not, and shall not permit any Authorized Users to, use the Services, or any software component of the Services, for any purposes beyond the scope of the access granted in this Agreement. You shall not at any time, directly or indirectly, and shall not permit any Authorized Users to: (i)modify the Services, any software component of the Services, or Documentation, in whole or in part; (i) rent, lease, lend, sell, license, sublicense, assign, distribute, publish, transfer, or otherwise make available the Services or Documentation except as expressly permitted under this Agreement; (ii) reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, decode, adapt, or otherwise attempt to derive or gain access to any software component of the Services, in whole or in part; () remove any proprietary notices from the Services or its documentation; or (v) use the Services or Documentation in any manner or for any purpose that infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any intellectual property right or other right of any person, or that violates any applicable law, regulation, or rule.
    3. Aggregated Statistics. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Provider may monitor User's use of the Services and collect and compile data and information related to User's use of the Services to be used by Provider in an aggregated and anonymized manner, including to compile statistical and performance information related to the provision and operation of the Services ("Aggregated Statistics"). As between Provider and User, all right, title, and interest in Aggregated Statistics, and all intellectual property rights therein, belong to and are retained solely by Provider. You acknowledge that Provider may compile Aggregated Statistics based on User Data input into the Services. You agree that Provider may (i) make Aggregated Statistics publicly available in compliance with applicable law, and (ii) use Aggregated Statistics to the extent and in the manner permitted under applicable law. 
    4. Reservation of Rights. Provider reserves all rights not expressly granted to User in this Agreement. Except for the limited rights and licenses expressly granted under this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement grants, by implication, waiver, estoppel, or otherwise, to User or any third party, any intellectual property rights or other right, title, or interest in or to the Provider IP.
    5. Suspension. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Provider may temporarily or indefinitely suspend User's and any other Authorized User's access to any portion or all of the Services for any reason or no reason, including but not limited to: (i) Provider reasonably determines that (A) there is a threat or attack on any of the Provider IP; (B) User's or any other Authorized User's use of the Provider IP disrupts or poses a security risk to the Provider IP or to any other User or vendor of Provider; (C) User or any other Authorized User is using the Provider IP for fraudulent or illegal activities; (D) subject to applicable law, User has ceased to continue its business in the ordinary course, made an assignment for the benefit of creditors or similar disposition of its assets, or become the subject of any bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, or similar proceeding; or (E) Provider's provision of the Services to User or any other Authorized User is prohibited by applicable law; or (ii) any vendor of Provider has suspended or terminated Provider's access to or use of any third-party services or products required to enable User to access the Services, (a "Service Suspension"). Provider will have no liability for any damage, liabilities, losses (including any loss of or profits), or any other consequences that User or any other Authorized User may incur as a result of a Service Suspension.
3. User Responsibilities.
    1. Acceptable Use Policy. The Services may not be used for unlawful, fraudulent, offensive, or obscene activity, as further described and set forth in Provider's acceptable use policy ("AUP") located at https://github.com/Quansight/open-gpu-server, as may be amended from time to time, which is incorporated herein by reference. You will comply with all terms and conditions of this Agreement, all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and all guidelines, standards, and requirements that may be posted on https://github.com/Quansight/open-gpu-server from time to time, including the AUP.
    2. Account Use. You are responsible and liable for all uses of the Services and Documentation resulting from access provided by you, directly or indirectly, whether such access or use is permitted by or in violation of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you are responsible for all acts and omissions of Authorized Users, and any act or omission by an Authorized User that would constitute a breach of this Agreement if taken by you will be deemed a breach of this Agreement by you. You shall use reasonable efforts to make all Authorized Users aware of this Agreement's provisions as applicable to such Authorized User's use of the Services and shall cause Authorized Users to comply with such provisions. 
    3. User Data. You hereby grant to Provider a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to reproduce, distribute, and otherwise use and display the User Data and perform all acts with respect to the User Data as may be necessary for Provider to provide the Services to you, and a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide license to reproduce, distribute, modify, and otherwise use and display User Data incorporated within the Aggregated Statistics. You will ensure that User Data and any Authorized User's use of User Data will not violate any policy or terms referenced in or incorporated into this Agreement or any applicable law. You are solely responsible for the development, content, operation, maintenance, and use of User Data.
    4. Third-Party Products. The Services may permit access to Third-Party Products. For purposes of this Agreement, such Third-Party Products are subject to their own terms and conditions presented to you for acceptance within the Services by website link or otherwise. If you do not agree to abide by the applicable terms for any such Third-Party Products, then you should not install, access, or use such Third-Party Products.
4. No Support.  This Agreement does not entitle User to any support, maintenance, upgrades, or modifications for or to the Services.
5. No Fees. The Parties agree that no fees will be payable under this Agreement in exchange for access to the Services granted under this Agreement. User acknowledges and agrees that this fee arrangement is made in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, including, without limitation, the disclaimers, exclusions, and limitations of liability set forth herein.
6. Privacy Policy. Provider complies with its privacy policy, available at https://quansight.com/privacy-policy/ ("Privacy Policy"), in providing the Services. The Privacy Policy is subject to change as described therein. By accessing, using, and providing information to or through the Services, you acknowledge that you have reviewed and accepted our Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the then-current version of our Privacy Policy.
7. Intellectual Property Ownership; Feedback. As between you and us, (a) we own all right, title, and interest, including all intellectual property rights, in and to the Services and (b) you own all right, title, and interest, including all intellectual property rights, in and to User Data. If you or any of your employees, contractors, or agents sends or transmits any communications or materials to us by mail, email, telephone, or otherwise, suggesting or recommending changes to the Services, including without limitation, new features or functionality relating thereto, or any comments, questions, suggestions, or the like ("Feedback"), we are free to use such Feedback irrespective of any other obligation or limitation between you and us governing such Feedback. All Feedback is and will be treated as non-confidential. You hereby assign to us on your behalf, and shall cause your employees, contractors, and agents to assign, all right, title, and interest in, and we are free to use, without any attribution or compensation to you or any third party, any ideas, know-how, concepts, techniques, or other intellectual property rights contained in the Feedback, for any purpose whatsoever, although we are not required to use any Feedback.
8. Limited Warranty and Warranty Disclaimer. 
   1. User Warranty. You warrant that you own all right, title, and interest, including all intellectual property rights, in and to User Data and that both the User Data and your use of the Services are in compliance with the AUP.
   2. No Provider Warranty. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND PROVIDER SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE. PROVIDER SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ALL WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE. PROVIDER MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND THAT THE SERVICES, OR ANY PRODUCTS OR RESULTS OF THE USE THEREOF, WILL MEET YOUR OR ANY OTHER PERSON'S OR ENTITY'S REQUIREMENTS, OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED RESULT, BE COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH ANY OF YOUR OR ANY THIRD PARTY'S SOFTWARE, SYSTEM, OR OTHER SERVICES, OR BE SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, FREE OF HARMFUL CODE, OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS CAN OR WILL BE CORRECTED. 
9. Indemnification. User shall indemnify, hold harmless, and, at Provider's option, defend Provider and its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, successors, and assigns from and against any and all Losses arising from or relating to any Third-Party Claim (i) that the User Data, or any use of the User Data in accordance with this Agreement, infringes or misappropriates such third party's intellectual property rights; or (ii) based on User's or any Authorized User's negligence or willful misconduct or use of the Services in a manner not authorized by this Agreement; provided that User may not settle any Third-Party Claim against Provider unless Provider consents to such settlement, and further provided that Provider will have the right, at its option, to defend itself against any such Third-Party Claim or to participate in the defense thereof by counsel of its own choice.
10. Limitations of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL PROVIDER BE LIABLE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY: (a) CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, ENHANCED, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES; (b) INCREASED COSTS, DIMINUTION IN VALUE OR LOST BUSINESS, PRODUCTION, REVENUES, OR PROFITS; (c) LOSS OF GOODWILL OR REPUTATION; (d) USE, INABILITY TO USE, LOSS, INTERRUPTION, DELAY OR RECOVERY OF ANY DATA, OR BREACH OF DATA OR SYSTEM SECURITY; OR (e) COST OF REPLACEMENT GOODS OR SERVICES, IN EACH CASE REGARDLESS OF WHETHER PROVIDER WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES OR SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES WERE OTHERWISE FORESEEABLE. IN NO EVENT WILL PROVIDER'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNTS PAID TO PROVIDER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN THE 1 YEAR PERIOD PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM OR $50, WHICHEVER IS LESS.
11. Term and Termination.
    1. Term. The term of this Agreement begins on the Effective Date and continues until terminated. 
    2. Termination. In addition to any other express termination right set forth in this Agreement:
        1. Provider may terminate this Agreement for any reason or no reason with or without notice. 
        2. Either party may terminate this Agreement, effective on written notice to the other party, if the other party materially breaches this Agreement, and such breach: (A) is incapable of cure; or (B) being capable of cure, remains uncured five (5) days after the non-breaching party provides the breaching party with written notice of such breach.
    3. Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement, User shall immediately discontinue use of the Provider IP.
    4. Survival. This Section 12(d), Sections 5, 6, 10, 11, 14, 15, 16, and 17, and any right, obligation, or required performance of the parties in this Agreement which, by its express terms or nature and context is intended to survive termination or expiration of this Agreement, will survive any such termination or expiration.
12. Modifications. You acknowledge and agree that we have the right, in our sole discretion, to modify this Agreement from time to time, and that modified terms become effective on posting. You will be notified of modifications through posts on https://github.com/Quansight/open-gpu-server. You are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date of the modifications will be deemed acceptance of the modified terms. 
13. Export Regulation. The Services utilize software and technology that may be subject to US export control laws, including the US Export Administration Act and its associated regulations. You shall not, directly or indirectly, export, re-export, or release the Services or the software or technology included in the Services to, or make the Services or the software or technology included in the Services accessible from, any jurisdiction or country to which export, re-export, or release is prohibited by law, regulation, or rule. You shall comply with all applicable federal laws, regulations, and rules, and complete all required undertakings (including obtaining any necessary export license or other governmental approval), prior to exporting, re-exporting, releasing, or otherwise making the Services or the software or technology included in the Services available outside the US.
14. Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would require or permit the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of Texas. Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or related to this agreement or the rights granted hereunder will be instituted in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of Texas in each case located in the city of Austin and County of Travis, and each party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action, or proceeding. 
15. Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. Any notices to us must be sent to our corporate headquarters address available at https://quansight.com and must be delivered either in person, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid, or by recognized overnight courier service, and are deemed given upon receipt by us. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you hereby consent to receiving electronic communications from us. These electronic communications may include notices about transactional information and other information concerning or related to the Services. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing. The invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any provision herein does not affect any other provision herein or the validity, legality, or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. Any failure to act by us with respect to a breach of this Agreement by you or others does not constitute a waiver and will not limit our rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. This Agreement is personal to you and may not be assigned or transferred by you for any reason whatsoever without our prior written consent and any action or conduct in violation of the foregoing will be void and without effect. We expressly reserve the right to assign this Agreement and to delegate any of its obligations hereunder.

## Acceptable Use Policy

These content standards apply to any and all User Contributed Data and use of the Services. User Contributed Data must in its entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributed Data must not:

- Contain any material that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable.
- Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age.
- Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person.
- Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy (https://quansight.com/privacy-policy/).
- Be likely to deceive any person.
- Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote, or assist any unlawful act.
- Cause annoyance, inconvenience, or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm, or annoy any other person.
- Impersonate any person, or misrepresent Your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
- Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes, and other sales promotions, barter, or advertising.
- Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by Us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
